feat(playwright): install browsers by default (#981)
microsoft/playwright-sharp: README.md

playwright-sharp install-browsers
```

> If you runthese two commands, you can call `CreateAsync` passing `installIfNeeded` in false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you run these two commands, you can call `CreateAsync` passing `installIfNeeded` in false.
```
